develop: 4 docs for optimizing sql (#8665)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-optimize-sql-best-practices.md

### Only query the columns you need

> If you do not need data from all columns, do not always use `SELECT *` to return all columns data. The following query is inefficient:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not need data from all columns, do not use `SELECT *` to return all columns data. The following query is inefficient:
```

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
SELECT * FROM books WHERE title = 'Marian Yost';
```

You should only query the columns you need. For example:

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
SELECT title, price FROM books WHERE title = 'Marian Yost';
```

### Use bulk delete

> When a large amount of data needs to be deleted, it is recommended to use [bulk delete](/develop/dev-guide-delete-data.md#bulk-delete).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you delete a large amount of data, it is recommended to use [bulk delete](/develop/dev-guide-delete-data.md#bulk-delete).
```

### Use bulk update

> When a large amount of data needs to be updated, it is recommended to use [bulk update](/develop/dev-guide-update-data.md#bulk-update).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When update a large amount of data, it is recommended to use [bulk update](/develop/dev-guide-update-data.md#bulk-update).
```
